docs: Added guide to migrate to Ubuntu 24.04 (#409)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-kubespray: migration/ubuntu/20.04-to-24.04-openstack.md

            --key=/etc/kubernetes/ssl/etcd/server.key \
            member list
  ```

- If there are old nodes left, remove them using the `uuid` from the previous command (The id in the first column of each row)

  ```bash
  HOSTNAME="$(kubectl get node -l node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane= -ojsonpath='{.items[0].metadata.name}')"
  kubectl -n kube-system exec -it "etcd-${HOSTNAME}" -- \
    etcdctl --endpoints=https://127.0.0.1:2379 \
            --cacert=/etc/kubernetes/ssl/etcd/ca.crt \
            --cert=/etc/kubernetes/ssl/etcd/server.crt \
            --key=/etc/kubernetes/ssl/etcd/server.key \
            member remove <uuid>
  ```

- Check that old control plane nodes are removed:

  ```bash
  kubectl get nodes
  ```

- If there are any old nodes left, delete them

  ```bash
  kubectl delete nodes <node>,...
  ```

- Change back to using dynamic inventory

  ```bash
  pushd "${CK8S_CONFIG_PATH}"
  cp <sc|wc>-config-backup/inventory.ini <sc|wc>-config/inventory.ini
  popd
  ```

- Remove old control plane nodes using Terraform
- Remove the old control plane floating IPs from group vars under the key `supplementary_addresses_in_ssl_keys`

> [!NOTE]

> > This is not needed if you are using a loadbalancer in front of the API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Removing the old IPs from group vars is not needed if you are using a loadbalancer in front of the API server.
```
